for
back [ __ ] Linux drivers
man I swear
um I was going to go look at the
continuous base
right I think there was something weird
there hey
Captain Linux drivers are really fun let
me tell you I highly suggest that you to
run everything on Linux and have a lot
of
now what about this log standard
deviation is this what I did
how does this make any sense let me
see where does this get filled
in you get the mean
did you add the disti version like uh I
suggested yet or
well it's an action space it's a box of
five
things I can easily just
do right I could just easily do this
well then you use some sort of threshold
cut off anyways
angle can you just instantly shoot in
any direction of is that how the space
works right that's kind of weird
um I put do
minus wait zero 1 2 3 so it's divide by
eight and then subtract
four think
Moa everything I've been reading says
clipping your
actions before they get into the
experience
buffer will
interfere I'm not telling you to clip
your actions before you put them into
the experience buffer I'm telling you to
clip your actions right before you send
them back to the environment so that
they're
valid I see you did that in Step where
did I do
that that's not before they get into the
experience buffer that's the opposite
right
oh I think I did this as single discreet
didn't
I that's silly
where can I clip before actions get sent
to VEC code
mean well I yeah I have an idea on how
to fix that let me mess with this for
now
so this should be fine this gives you
module list right
th is usually like theano or
something I always get confused seeing
it that Library even still exist for
yeah there's some hacking that's going
to have to be
done so you make the in hard on yourself
when you don't have the option to pass
heck I thought I'd had that pushed
offer
something screw CU that actually
shouldn't get triggered there at all
man this shouldn't really be this screwy
though like maoko
works I'm also to be fair have we tested
multi discreet
lately okay I'll have to do that more
formally
later it's going to take too long let me
think what else I can try for
check
visually yeah I've watched a couple of
his videos they don't really do anything
and it's like look this is numerical you
can see it's
if the internet cuts out again by the
way I'm just going to go to the gym and
come back in the
afternoon I have to fix the stupid
whatever it
is
um I am going to spend some time on this
though
today I I went for a hard run this
morning
I had to use Tage
originally you don't need to do either
of those things you literally can just
use relas you're focusing on the wrong
things
there okay so let's keep it like this
and then where's
where's this numm get set to 256 because
I know this is
256 yeah exactly it's not like you reu
or
whatever
um where's the
256 like M's per worker thing get set is
it in main
somewhere
oh 12 time
8 wait 512 *
8 is 496 should be a but then you have
two
good yeah clip fracks exploded already
there as well
ums yeah so that just means your your
thing's wrong
basically like there this is not like oh
like like some subtle thing this is
something's completely and utterly
broken and I will find
it um and then it's going to work simple
as
that welcome folks on
Twitch we're debugging a really cool
environment
actually um it will be very cool once we
have policies training submitted by
Captain it's this physics Arena shooter
thing first puff R very nice first first
environment contributed as
I'm out here with first and being like
can I get four tiles in a
row yeah we got your we got some
policies trained on yours
though shapes if the shapes of the
losses are wrong then something's
terribly wrong because this is not like
I don't think he messed with this script
this is like puffers clean Puffer script
one of the really nice things about
doing all this around puffer is like the
core train
script this is tested on everything
right so unless it's like some obscure
feature of like continuous actions that
doesn't get tested very often it should
just be perfectly
good
um let me see so now that I'm looking at
it why is
this new log prob hold on now that I
just said
that oh yeah cuz it's just not reshaped
that's
fine well but yeah it is it is a weird
continuous action thing but
oh hold on wait wait I might just be
about to eat the words
there they're actually yeah this might
actually just be the uh untested portion
hold
on new log prob.
shape no we're
good yeah cuz it gets on it gets
flattened right they get flattened
so each a each action gets treated
independently which should be
fine so then the question is how do they
change this
much like
I do have to go pretty soon
um
03 yeah that's totally
fine actually hold
on dat do
policy this should be the same
right these should be the same because
it hasn't even done an update yet so
this should be zero
Logics push to fix so basically any c
compiler from the last half decade
should build it out very good that is
what we would like
sample this should be deterministic
though shouldn't it
this does not look right to me at all
either
oh wait no cuz you're you're selecting
the
action no but that still can't be
right wait what the heck is up with
these actions
man hold on
hello is that my OG code generating
those
actions uh I'm very
confused where are these coming from
they shouldn't be like discreet like
this if they're
continuous they're supposed to be
know oh well that's
catastrophic yeah that's completely
catastrophic um
I don't know how that's possible because
we had majoko in
type
just yeah this
today congratulations on being the first
contributor to legitimately hit one of
my
bugs to be fair you're the first person
submitting a full continuous
environment do you get a cookie I don't
know I'll mail you some puffer stickers
if you want
uh where are your charts
is this
where's your
wbe can you relink your
we're going to render this real quick
and then I'm going to go to the
bit is there like a penalty for firing
shots
well I mean it's not guaranteed that
that was the only bug
right but we caught a major
one I'm just going to send this to you
like this for now and I will uh I will
merge this to puffer later today
oh no but if I get an if I get a
controller then I'm going to download
like Elden ring or something and
nothing's going to get
done it's bad enough that I got a
Boulder's Gate after NPS but I'm
two-thirds done with that so
anymore look at that they train to not
fire
anything kind of hard with the twin
stick um
it I will uh I'll help you with that
stuff let's get you some policies first
that's the main thing I think you're
going to be a lot happier when you have
some cool
policies that's usually the thing that
takes a little bit of effort
so m is going to need some speed work
but I can help with
that if I see profile that safe array
function and all the time is in that
safe array
function I have some words for that is
it fixed well one thing is definitely
fixed I told you that I uh I cut the
mini batch size in half you had it at
64k I have on
B is that a ligma or something
whenever anyone types something I don't
understand in chat I just assume it's
going to be a
ligma because YouTube and twitch
plus there might be some cashing and
stuff we can do we'll
what's
this I don't know what this
is 800k spsm
C only Benchmark on us so I mean check
python
overhead uh you don't see the messages
because you're on Twitch you see them on
my screen though
chat look at that they just decide to
stop firing
completely it's interesting
up bad hyper prams well you're going to
have to redo the sweep now right so let
me tell you how to redo your sweep so
that you can start on this before um
maybe while I'm at the
gym um
so here's the
thing I just grappl your
policies what's this what are you doing
we're currently trying to get some
policies working on this new
reinforcement learning uh environment
submitted by Captain who is right here
on the twitch
messages
um yeah Captain get rid of VF
coefficient just leave this at the
default 0.5 or whatever leave Max grad
Norm alone at like 0.5 don't touch that
just sweep
these just sweep these to start and then
reward components are the other ones
that makes a big difference so if you
want to add the settings if you want to
add bindings to your reward like
component weights you can do that but if
not just sweep these for for now and
you'll probably get
something thank you to our resident
Advertiser here bet um yeah yes you can
help the project for free just by
starring it on GitHub it really does
help me out a ton all the work I do
fulltime is free and open source and all
this stuff on puffer so go ahead and
start the repo got to feed the
puffer you can also try out all of our
environments on puffer doai and join the
Discord if you want to get involved in
Dev
it's interesting the distance travel
goes
version is it just that
mode eval
checkpoints it doesn't seem to actually
do anything here
something I think it's
frozen frozen at 130
mil but is it actually is this the right
one
this I can't see my camera's over this
1316 so probably I don't think it's
actually saved this model
unfortunately there's nothing else in
here B
well that should probably be fixed it
should save without training
yeah we just just use the puffer script
it's easier I have all this type of
stuff taken care of for
you that's
fine people like to try to custom my
stuff and then you know you see yeah
maybe I actually thought about some of
these
things filling dis space uh there's an
interval there is a uh an interval param
Captain you can set how often it
saves okay so this is this run is dead
here um it's not doing stuff but yeah
you can see like whatever it's doing
it's moving around and such um I sent
you the diff cut your mini batch in half
sweep just these pams I told you just
sweep these like these four and you
should probably be able to find
something
decent I am going to head to the gym
I'll be back later in the afternoon and
I will be around then to help you if
that's sounds
good leave it 16's
fine the really the sensitive ones it's
learning rate and then these
three all right I sent you the DI as
well for um clean puffer I will merge
that to uh I'll make because I I this is
your fork or your repo so I will apply
that to the our main repo uh
shortly but yep definitely thanks for
the environment I will uh try to
continue helping you fix this later if
you don't already have policies just
from The Suite by then see if you can
get us some checkpoints to look at in
case there's like non-trivial Behavior
to examine and we'll go from there